docs/TODO_TECH.md, before:

# TODO: Tech

## Completed

- [x] Downgrade to vite-solid-plugin 2.1.0
- [x] Deploy to GitHub pages
- [x] Upgrade vite-solid-plugin when [fix is available][vite-build-bug]
- [x] Refactor to a common model for in progress race list and mini league views
- [x] Deploy to andrewflbarnes.com
- [x] Protect sensitive variables with serverless function calls

## Must

- [ ] Transition all "api" interactions to tanstack query and async
- [ ] Verify stage 2 should always have same number of teams as stage 1
- [ ] Validation checks when re-opening a stage
- [ ] Service worker for offline use
- [ ] Responsive layout
- [ ] Place some sensible error boundaries in, at least at a page level

## Should

- [ ] For unknown leagues display an error message/page
- [ ] Rationalise utility functions like orderRaces, kingsPoints
- [ ] Deploy to kingsski.club
- [ ] Online data sync
- [ ] Consistent, sensible boundaries of responsiblity between context and api
- [ ] Throw error if attempting to change league when lock in place in setLeagueEnhanced
- [ ] Throw error if attempting to change to an invalid league in setLeagueEnhanced

[vite-build-bug]: https://github.com/solidjs/vite-plugin-solid/issues/164

Commit message:

Remove circular import to fix tests, other minor enhancements
Don't need to "refetch" config when progressing or completing a stage,
just use the config on the round object.
Correct position strings when number ends in 11, 12 or 13.
createRound now accepts the "registry" of race configuration to draw
from which not only facilitates the removal of the circular dep but also
aligns with future state of supporting custom config groups.

docs/TODO_TECH.md, after:

# TODO: Tech

## Completed

- [x] Downgrade to vite-solid-plugin 2.1.0
- [x] Deploy to GitHub pages
- [x] Upgrade vite-solid-plugin when [fix is available][vite-build-bug]
- [x] Refactor to a common model for in progress race list and mini league views
- [x] Deploy to andrewflbarnes.com
- [x] Protect sensitive variables with serverless function calls

## Must

- [ ] Replace KingsContext with global signals
- [ ] Transition all "api" interactions to tanstack query and async
- [ ] Align how RoundConfigs are passed to create/progress/complete
- [ ] Verify stage 2 should always have same number of teams as stage 1
- [ ] Validation checks when re-opening a stage
- [ ] Service worker for offline use
- [ ] Responsive layout
- [ ] Place some sensible error boundaries in, at least at a page level

## Should

- [ ] For unknown leagues display an error message/page
- [ ] Rationalise utility functions like orderRaces, kingsPoints
- [ ] Deploy to kingsski.club
- [ ] Online data sync
- [ ] Consistent, sensible boundaries of responsiblity between context and api
- [ ] Throw error if attempting to change league when lock in place in setLeagueEnhanced
- [ ] Throw error if attempting to change to an invalid league in setLeagueEnhanced

[vite-build-bug]: https://github.com/solidjs/vite-plugin-solid/issues/164
